So the weekly chart is not nearly as important as the weekly and the weekly is not nearly as important as the monthly
The monthly chart dictates the direction and the trend of the stock
Most of the buying occurs on
Friday afternoons and Monday mornings because people know that the weekly and monthly trend is either going up or down
Microsoft is in the sideways trend
Last month it was up 40 points, but it also broke its four-year resistance and support
To the downside then it quickly recovered. So now it's back inside supports
The stock is going sideways and we don't know if it's gonna break up or down. It's just sitting right there at support
anytime you're looking at the stock you want to look at the
The volume because volume predicts price the more volume the more price
If
You look at a stock
There are many metrics that help you come up with a valuation
But in the short term, there's always anomalies the longer term will always follow earnings and revenue
Revenue growth is more important than earnings growth. You can't you can't lie about revenue. You can fuck up with earnings
The
Other issue that I like to look at is
Put to call are there more people buying call options or more people buying put options?
Where do you go see put the call?
The options chain and you can look at the same date
You know
So let's say we go one year out and we look at the number of calls at 500 and the number of puts at
500 if I see the call options are outweighing put options two to one. I know that the markets are very bullish on calls
But I want it in the short term you can get all kinds of volatility. That means nothing it didn't
Typically you want to look six to six months to twelve months out. You don't really want to look on the daily the daily is is too
Ambiguous I mean there's any number of news news points that could change the direction of the stock
And whether it's the war whether it's oil prices whether it's interest rates, whether it's the Fed whatever
You want to you want to look at the price action of the stock to get the trend if the trend is up
Then you want to you want to look at where is the trend
On a weekly and a monthly not not daily
Daily is too easy to be hit fake
So when I'm looking at the stock I'm looking at fundamentals
What's the earn? What's the earnings power of the company?
What's the earning power of the company? What's the revenue is the revenue growing or is it decelerating?
Now with growth stocks you're paying for a growth rate
If it's growing at 20% year-over-year
That's insane, right?
But if it decelerates to 10
You just paid for 20% and you got 10. It's very hard to compound at 20%
So they call it the CAGR compounded annual growth rate
That's the number one metric for growth companies, what's the compounded annual growth rate the second issue
On a value company, what's the growth in the dividend does the dividend grow each and every year?
So you either buy growth or you buy income
Growth is going to be a lot more volatile than income income isn't based on treasuries
It's what's the yield above the treasury rate if I'm going to put my money at risk
What's the yield that I get above the risk-free rate a 10-year treasury is paying for and change
So if I'm going to buy a dividend playing a dividend stock
You need to get more than four. I want to get it. I want to get a rate above the risk-free. Otherwise, I just buy treasuries
Otherwise I just buy treasuries
Yeah
So the question all returns are based on the 10-year treasury the 10-year treasury is considered the risk-free rate
If you don't do shit, you can put your money into 10-year treasury and you're gonna get more and change
So you have to get above whatever the risk-free rate is
so if I buy coca-cola and it's got a 3% yield and
I write covered calls into the market and I can get that to 7
I'm getting a hundred and seventy five percent of the 10-year treasury plus whatever growth is in the stock
So one of the things you want to look at is are you buying growth names are you buying
Income names and then the second issue is you want to look at the beta
How much more how much volatility
So an index fund has a beta of one meaning it's got the same
Volatility is the market itself
If you get a company with a beta of one point five, it's a hundred and fifty percent as volatile as the market
So when we're looking at these names, we want to look at what's the volatility relative to mark the market
Is it a growth name is in an income name?
So when we look at these stocks are we buying growth we buy an income
Are we buying something more volatile or less volatile than the market?
Then number two, what are the metrics that determine the growth of the company itself?
So when you're looking at these names you want to make sure you understand
What's the objective of the company? Is it a growth company? Is it an income producing company number two?
More or less volatile than the market number three. What's your time horizon?
So you got to have a timeline where you let your thesis play out typically it's gonna be a year
That's why these charts are so important because it gives you an element of
Those those three inputs. Yeah, not only those three inputs, but it also gives you volume trends
So I want to look at the name of the guy that you watched Fibonacci. Yeah, that that's Kerry Artec
His name is Kerry Artec. He works for wicked stocks. He's fucking the best. He's the best in the business and
There's a lot of them out there, but he's by far the best he's a professional the rest of these guys are amateurs
This guy's here. This guy I'm gonna show you is a total amateur, but it's more about the execution of the thing
Well, I can't stress to you enough
If you're not
Really familiar with the company you're better off buying a fund. Yeah
If you're very familiar with the company and all the different
things that make that stock work
That's different, but if you're not familiar with its cost of doing business, you're not familiar with its revenue
You're not familiar with its management. It's capital allocation. You're not familiar with all the things they're doing
Don't touch it
I'm gonna pause for a second
